hello and welcome to videojug we're
going to show you how to make crook
mancilla step one you will need the
following ingredients to serve four
people eight slices of ham four slices
of bread haved 50 grams of butter and
150 grams of grated Gruyere cheese here
is a handy list of the ingredients
you will also need the following
utensils a knife a fish slice a frying
pan
a large baking tray and parchment paper
step 2 preheat the grill first preheat
the grill to 150 degrees centigrade or
gas mark 2 step 3
make the sandwich take two slices of ham
and place them on a slice of bread
put another slice of bread on top to
close the sandwich repeat to make all
four step four spread with butter spread
the top side of the sandwich generously
with butter then turn it over and butter
the other side repeat the same thing
with all four sandwiches
step 5 prepare the baking tray line the
baking tray with parchment paper in
preparation for grilling step 6
fry the sandwiches place the frying pan
on a medium heat and individually place
each sandwich into the pan
try them until they turn golden brown on
the underside then using your fish slice
turn each one over and brown the other
side
remove from the heat one brand
step 7 transfer to the baking tray using
your fish slice transfer each of the
sandwiches onto the baking tray
then sprinkle the tops with the grated
cheese
and they're ready to grill
step 8 grill put the baking tray under
the preheated grill a quick tip leave
the door open when grilling to stop the
cheese from sweating and when the cheese
has melted remove from the oven
step 9 serve as this is a perfect choice
for breakfast or brunch serve hot with a
nice cup of tea or coffee and that's how
to make croque monsieur the videojug way
enjoy
you